1. Write a program that shows text representation of a day in a week for a number input from
1 to 7. Print output in console.
For input 1, output should be “Monday”.

2. Write a program that shows text representation of a day in a week for a number input from
1 to 7. All other cases output a message explaining that input must be a number between 1
and 7.
For input 1, output should be “Monday”.
For input 10, output should be “Input must be a number between 1 and 7”.

3. Write a program that for a 1-7 number input (representing a day in a week) shows if that day
is a weekday or weekend. All other cases output a message explaining that input must be a
number between 1 and 7.
For input 2, output should be “It’s weekday”.
For input 6, output should be “It’s weekend”.
For input 12, output should be “Input must be number between 1 and 7”.

4. Write a program that for a 1-12 number input (representing a month in a year) shows that
month’s name. All other cases output a message explaining that input must be a number
between 1 and 12.
For input 2, output should be “February”.
For input 6, output should be “June”.
For input 13, output should be “Input must be a number between 1 and 12”.
5. Write a program that for a 1-12 number input (representing a month in a year) shows what
season it is. All inputs different from 1-12 output a message explaining that input must be a
number between 1 and 12.
6. Write a program that for a string input of a grade from “A”-“F” outputs a proper info
message about that grade in the following manner: A - &quot;Good job&quot;&quot;, B - &quot;Pretty good&quot;&quot;, C -
&quot;Passed&quot;&quot;, D - &quot;Not so good&quot;&quot;, F - &quot;Failed&quot;. Input different from letters A-F outputs a message
&quot;Unknown grade&quot;.
7. Write a program that takes as input a city name and outputs the country where the city is.
You may choose which cities and countries you want to output yourself, however there has
to be at least 5 countries and 15 cities. Note that each country must have a different
number of cities. Input different from the listed cities should output a message&quot;Please
choose a different city&quot;.
8. Write a program that takes as input two numbers and a string denoting the operation (“+”, “-
”, “*”, “/”) and prints out the appropriate result. Watch out for division by zero!